10th of July, 2024

Holy cow im so tired. i feel like my brains going to explode

shocking how much work ive done while in this state

another piece of news-ish, ive bought a guitar!

well really this happened last week, but it kept slipping my mind

its a,,, a uh,,, wait let me grab it.  
"Tokai Legacy" Strat. i think

it does look pretty crappy, but i only really care about how it sounds  
im pretty sure the "looks" of it also made it cheaper, it was 50% off alongside that

but yeah im trying to train my fingers to use the fretboard properly for now, and learning a few chords while im at it

i havent been using any specific tutorials, but i will post links to them if i find one especially helpful

oh oh shoot also, small site update, we finally have metadata again. really nice. its all automated (thankfully), other than the page descriptions, which im fine with having in frontmatter
<hr>
8th of July, 2024

weow

okay been doing lots of work on,,, stuff  
well stuff being, changing my site from being raw html/css to being generated by 11ty :D  

*REALLY* annoying to set up, but worth

ill do a longer blogpost on it once i actually finish, this is written while working on it
<hr>
6th of July, 2024  
...  

FUCK  

im really eepy okay  
ill come back to work on stuff eventually  

<hr>
8th of June, 2024

The start of something new... that i DEFFO didnt steal from someone else..  
anyways, this is the idea that kibbles never really was.  
I just want something that lacks production value, like what I want to achieve with my blogs.  
and well a text file without formatting is as informal as you can get.  
that was the plan anyways,,, oof. had to make it an html file with damn br's everywhere for it to work  

ANYWAYS. IN SPIRIT.  
shit this took so long to plan out that i forgot what i was saying.  
well, this will probably rotate every six months or something, we'll see how long the page loads get by then or smth  

AH AH I REMEMBERED. poems. i try to write poems. and god yes theyre sappy and about my pretty pretty girlfriend (who i usually refer to as my dog/nsx)  

<figure>
"the sun shines in envy of the wonder casting shadow over me in its place"<br>
"and i find warmth in the dark, a warmth the sun cannot fill"
</figure>

(note: grassy feild, sun overhead, two cute dogs sitting, one on top of other, blocking the sun from its face)  
<hr>

<style>
body{
  background-color: #252525;
  font-size: 120%;
  font-family:'Courier New',Courier,monospace;
  font-weight: bold;
  color:#d2d2d2;
  padding: 20px 20px 20px 20px;
  margin: 0px;}
</style>